For doing math it we're going to be adding a new button to our products table and from there we're simply
going to delete our product.
And after that we're going to be redirecting our users to Products table again so that they can see
the product is excluded from the list and actually delete it.
So to do that I'll first include a table header and Date header is going to be for delete.
And after that I'll go to my table data and for that table data I'm going to be actually providing my
action my ATAC in that ATAC I'm going to be referencing my delete operation as dollar and curly braces
and slash products and slash tweet.
All right so that we can simply understand what's going on.
And after that I'm going to be providing the ID of the actual product in the table for the class I'm
going to say button and Button danger so that our button is going to be the Red One of the bootstrap
classis.
And after that I'm simply going to close my ATAC and within the text part of the ATAC I'm going to say
this is delete button.
All right.
So tell our controller I'm going to copy my path.
And after that path and let's also add the slash right here so that we won't crash when we try it.
And in our controller I'm going to add my delete method for at least myrth it.
I'm going to first start by request mapping and in the request mapping I'm going to provide the copied
path.
And after that I'm also retaking an ID from UI for that ID for the request method.
We're going to use get because otherwise spring time we can interact with us.
The two end points that we can interact with timely is the get and post after that information.
I'm going to be moving on with my method.
And again I'm going to be returning a string the name of my method is going to be to leave product in
my method.
I'm going to be taking a path variable and the name of that variable is ID.
As I said whoa.
And after that I'm going to be taking a reference of that ID and moving on to my method body in my method
body I'm simply going to my product repository and use the delete method with ID.
All right.
And when I'm finished I'm going to redirect my users to my products table products table page.
So for doing that I'm going to use a direct and then I'm going to say products.
All right.
So the actual test it out.
Let's rerun our application and see what's going on.
Our application is starting up and we have it up and running.
Let's go back to Firefox and go to our products page in our products page.
We how our delete button and as you can see from the your elbow on the left bottom of the page we have
the correct path mapping for our delete method.
So if we click our sweep method here we go.
We're only left with a product in our products repository and our table is fetching the data from the
repository as you remember.
So we could successfully delete our product from our obligatory which are UI interactions.
Now we're almost finished with our products and we see application and we see Kreta application.
But before we finish and take a review let's make a final touch with our success and have a much better
working navigation bar.
So to do that I'll get back to my ID and in my ID I'm going to go to my style that see SS in the style
of CSSA I'm going to be giving a couple of styles for my navigation bar and to start off it I'm going
to use no bar default class and for that class I'm going to be saying that I want the springs official
color as the background so to say that I'm going to use 60 B tree tree f.
And as you can see that color can be seen right here and after that I'm going to be using the white
color as the text for now bar Brant and for that I'm going to say no bar default and no bar brand.
And then color is going to be white.
Here we go.
And after that I'm also going to provide the same style for products and create product links.
So to say that all start with No our default and then no bar now and the list tag and then the ATAC
after my ATAC I can provide my style and style is going to be color of white.
All right now we run our application and see our changes in the UI.
Our application is starting up and here we go.
Let's go to Firefox and let's go to our home and refresh our application.
And here we go.
We have a much great looking navigation bar for our application.
As you can see we have the green screen color background and our tax color as white as you can see.
And when we Hallward it it's gray.
This one is looking much better than the previous one right.
So we're also finished with the bleed actions of UI and a little bit of styling for our navigation bar
as you can see here.
So to take your real spring and secret application and talk about it in general I'll be seeing you in
the next video.